cses concert tickets + traffic lights sol (#549)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/CSES Concert Tickets.mdx

---
id: cses-1091
source: CSES
title: Concert Tickets
author: Danh Ta Chi Thanh
---

## Solution

[Unofficial Editorial](https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/83295)

> Another way of solving the problem is to use the upper_bound function to find the lowest-priced ticket which exceeds the maximum price for the current customer. When we have found the iterator pointing to the upper bound, just decrement the iterator to get the maximum price possible for that current customer. Note that if the iterator points to the begin of the multiset, we can infer that there is such no ticket having the satisfied price for the customer. ([Proof for my solution](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9989731/algorithm-function-for-finding-last-item-less-than-or-equal-to-like-lower-bou/9989773#9989773)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way of solving the problem is to use the `multiset::upper_bound` function to find the lowest-priced ticket that exceeds the maximum price for the current customer. When we have found the iterator pointing to the upper bound, we just decrement the iterator to get the maximum price possible for that current customer. Note that if the initial iterator points to the beginning of the multiset, we can infer that there is no ticket that works for the customer.

([Proof for my solution](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9989731/algorithm-function-for-finding-last-item-less-than-or-equal-to-like-lower-bou/9989773#9989773))
```
